feat(curriculum): add bill splitter workshop (#65517)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-math-operations/6977a8bbcbdd557886bd0718.md

---
id: 6977a8bbcbdd557886bd0718
title: Step 6
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-6
---

# --description--

With the tip now included, you have the final amount for the entire group. The last step is to determine how much each person owes by dividing the total bill by the number of friends. 

In Python, you use the forward slash `/` to perform division. For example:

```py
half = 10 / 2
```

Create a variable named `final_bill` and assign it the result of dividing `running_total` by `num_of_friends`. 

Finally, use the `print()` function to display the string `"Each person pays:"` followed by the value of `final_bill`.

# --hints--

You should define a variable named `final_bill`.

```js
//test will go here
```

You should use the `/` operator to divide `running_total` by `num_of_friends`.

```js
//test will go here
```

> You should print the string `"Each person pays:"` followed by the `final_bill` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should print the string `Each person pays:` followed by a space and the `final_bill` variable.
```

> You should print the string `'Each person pays:'` followed by a space and the `final_bill` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should print the string `Each person pays:` followed by a space and the `final_bill` variable.
```
